feat: add more pre-check to the CI (#152)
Manta-Network/manta-rs: CHANGELOG.md

- [\#145](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-rs/pull/145) Add `cargo-hakari` and `cargo-nextest` to speed up CI pipeline

### Changed

> - [\#152](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-rs/pull/152) Made `format` and `docs` prerequisites for the rest of the CI pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [\#152](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-rs/pull/152) Make `format` and `docs` as prerequisites for the rest of the CI pipeline
```
